Using those documents as a basis, interpret the following:

The Significator is The King of Swords, The Prince of the Chariot of the Winds. It means: Full of ideas and thoughts and designs, distrustful, suspicious, firm in friendship and enmity; careful, observant, slow, over-cautious, symbolizes &Alpha; and &Omega; ; he slays as fast as he creates.
If ill dignified: harsh, malicious, plotting; obstinate, yet hesitating; unreliable.
Rules from 20 Degree Capricorn to 20 Degree Aquarius.
Air of Air
Prince and Emperor of the Sylphs and Sylphides.

The 1st card is The Seven of Cups, The Lord of Illusionary Success. This covers the Significator. This card gives the influence which is affecting the Querent or Question generally, the atmosphere of it in which the other currents work. It means: Possible victory, but neutralized by the supineness of the person: illusionary success, deception in the moment of apparent victory. Lying, error, promises unfulfilled. Drunkenness, wrath, vanity. Lust, fornication, violence against women, selfish dissipation, deception in love and friendship. Often success gained, but not followed up. Modified as usual by dignity.
Netzach of HB:H (<span direction='rtl'>&#x05D4</span>) (Lying, promises unfulfilled; illusion, deception, error; slight success at outset, not retained).

The 2nd card is The Queen of Pentacles, The Queen of the Thrones of Earth. This crosses the Significator. It shows the nature of the obstacles in the Question. If it is a favourable card, the opposing forces will not be serious, or it may indicate that something good in itself will not be productive of good in the particular connexion. It means: She is impetuous, kind; timid, rather charming; great-hearted; intelligent, melancholy; truthful, yet of many moods.
If ill dignified she is undecided, capricious, changeable, foolish.
She rules from 20 Degree Sagittarius to 20 Degree Capricorn.
Water of Earth
The Queen of Gnomes.

The 3rd card is The Knight of Swords, The Lord of the Wind and the Breezes: the King of the Spirits of Air. This crowns the Significator. It represents (a) the Querent's aim or ideal in the Question; (b) the best that can be achieved under the circumstances, but that which has not yet been made actual. It means: He is active, clever, subtle, fierce, delicate, courageous, skilful, but inclined to domineer. Also to overvalue small things, unless well dignified.
If ill dignified, deceitful, tyrannical and crafty.
Rules from 20 Degree Taurus to 20 Degree Gemini.
Fire of Air
King of the Sylphs and Sylphides.

The 4th card is The Eight of Cups, The Lord of Abandoned Success. This is beneath the Significator. It shows the foundation or basis of the Question, that which has already passed into actuality and which the Significator has made his own. It means: Temporary success, but without further results. Thing thrown aside as soon as gained. Not lasting, even in the matter in hand. Indolence in success. Journeying from place to place. Misery and repining without cause. Seeking after riches. Instability.
Hod of HB:H (<span direction='rtl'>&#x05D4</span>) (Success abandoned; decline of interest).

The 5th card is The World, The Great One of the Night of Time. This is behind the Significator. It gives the influence that is just passed, or is now passing away. It means: The matter itself. Synthesis, world, kingdom. Usually denotes actual subject of question, and therefore depends entirely on accompanying cards.

The 6th card is The Hanged Man, The Spirit of the Mighty Waters. This is before the Significator. It shows the influence that is coming into action and will operate in the near future. It means: Enforced sacrifice, punishment, loss, fatal and not voluntary, suffering.

The 7th card is The Eight of Pentacles, The Lord of Prudence. This represents the Significator itself and shows its position or attitude in the circumstances. It means: Over-careful in small things at the expense of great: "Penny wise and pound foolish": gain of ready money in small sums; mean; avaricious; industrious; cultivation of land; hoarding, lacking in enterprise.
Hod of HB:H (<span direction='rtl'>ה</span>) (Skill: prudence: cunning).

The 8th card is The Seven of Swords, The Lord of Unstable Effort. This represents the Significator's house, that is, his environment and the tendencies at work therein which have an effect on the Question. For instance, his position in life, the influence of immediate friends, and so forth It means: The Rose of the previous symbols of this suit is held up by the same hand which holds the central sword: as if the victory were at its disposal. Symbols of Moon and Aquarius.
Partial success. Yielding when victory is within grasp, as if the last reserves of strength were used up. Inclination to lose when on the point of gaining, through not continuing the effort. Love of abundance, fascinated by display, given to compliments, affronts and insolences, and to spy upon others. Inclined to betray confidences, not always intentionally. Rather vacillatory and unreliable.
Netzach of HB:V (<span direction='rtl'>&#x05D5;</span>) (Journey by land: in character untrustworthy).

The 9th card is The Six of Pentacles, The Lord of Material Success. This represents the hopes or fears of the Querent with regard to the Question It means: Success and gain in material undertakings. Power, influence, rank, nobility, rule over the people. Fortunate, successful, liberal and just.
If ill dignified, may be purse-proud, insolent from excess, or prodigal.
Tiphareth of HB:H (<span direction='rtl'>&#x05D4</span>) (Success in material things, prosperity in business).

The 10th card is The Nine of Swords, The Lord of Despair and Cruelty. This represents what will come, the final result, the culmination which is brought about by the influences shown by the other cards that have been turned up in the divination.  It means: Despair, cruelty, pitilessness, malice, suffering, want, loss, misery. Burden, oppression, labour, subtlety and craft, dishonesty, lying and slander.
Yet also obedience, faithfulness, patience, unselfishness, etc. According to dignity.
Yesod of HB:V (<span direction='rtl'>&#x05D5;</span>) (Illness, suffering, malice, cruelty, pain).


